[Docs] Add Migration guide + some API updates (#8408)
espressif/arduino-esp32: docs/source/migration_guide/2.x_to_3.0.rst

#########################
Migration from 2.x to 3.0
#########################

Introduction
------------

This is a guide to show breaking changes in API and to help migrate projects from 2.X version to 3.0 version of Arduino ESP32 core. 
For more informations about all changes and new features check `RELESE NOTES <https://github.com/espressif/arduino-esp32/releases>`_.

ADC
---

Removed APIs
************

* ``analogSetClockDiv``
* ``adcAttachPin``
* ``analogSetVRefPin``

Hall Sensor
-----------

Hall sensor is no longer supported.

Removed APIs
************

* ``hallRead``

I2S
---

I2S driver has beed completely redesigned and refactored to use new ESP-IDF driver. 

> For more informations about the new API check `I2S API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/i2s.html>`_.

Author: Good catch, will rework that. Thanks

#########################
Migration from 2.x to 3.0
#########################

Introduction
------------

This is a guide to show breaking changes in API and to help migrate projects from 2.X version to 3.0 version of Arduino ESP32 core. 

> For more informations about all changes and new features check `RELESE NOTES <https://github.com/espressif/arduino-esp32/releases>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the changes and new features, check `RELEASE NOTES <https://github.com/espressif/arduino-esp32/releases>`_.
```

ADC
---

Removed APIs
************

* ``analogSetClockDiv``
* ``adcAttachPin``
* ``analogSetVRefPin``

BLE
---

Changes in APIs
***************

* Changed APIs return and parameter type from ``std::string`` to Arduino style ``String``.
* Changed UUID data type from ``uint16_t`` to ``BLEUUID`` class.

Hall Sensor
-----------

Hall sensor is no longer supported.

Removed APIs
************

* ``hallRead``

I2S
---

I2S driver has beed completely redesigned and refactored to use new ESP-IDF driver. 

> For more informations about the new API check `I2S API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/i2s.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the new API, check `I2S API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/i2s.html>`_.
```

LEDC
----

LEDC API has been changed in order to support the Peripheral Manager and easier use as LEDC channels are now automaticaly assigned to pins.

> For more informations about the new API check `LEDC API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/ledc.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the new API, check `LEDC API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/ledc.html>`_.
```

Removed APIs
************

* ``ledcSetup``
* ``ledcAttachPin``

New APIs
********

* ``ledcAttach`` used to setup LEDC pin (merged ``ledcSetup`` and ``ledcAttachPin`` functions).

> * ``timerGetFrequency`` used to get actual frequency of the timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``timerGetFrequency`` used to get the actual frequency of the timer.
```

> * ``timerAttachInterruptArg`` used to attach interrupt to timer using argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``timerAttachInterruptArg`` used to attach the interrupt to a timer using arguments.
```

Changes in APIs
***************

* ``ledcDetachPin`` renamed to ``ledcDetach``.
* In all functions input parameter ``channel`` have been changed to ``pin``.

RMT
---

TODO:

> For more informations about the new API check `RMT API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/rmt.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the new API, check `RMT API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/rmt.html>`_.
```

Removed APIs
************

TODO:

New APIs
********

TODO:

Changes in APIs
***************

TODO:

SigmaDelta
----------

SigmaDelta has been refactored to use new ESP-IDF driver.

> For more informations about the new API check `SigmaDelta API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/sigmadelta.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the new API, check `SigmaDelta API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/sigmadelta.html>`_.
```

Removed APIs
************

* ``sigmaDeltaSetup``
* ``sigmaDeltaRead``

New APIs
********

> * ``sigmaDeltaAttach`` used to setup SigmaDelta pin (channel is aquired automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``sigmaDeltaAttach`` used to set up the SigmaDelta pin (channel is acquired automatically).
```

> * ``timerGetFrequency`` used to get actual frequency of the timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``timerGetFrequency`` used to get the actual frequency of the timer.
```

> * ``timerAttachInterruptArg`` used to attach interrupt to timer using argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``timerAttachInterruptArg`` used to attach the interrupt to a timer using arguments.
```

Changes in APIs
***************

* ``sigmaDeltaDetachPin`` renamed to ``sigmaDeltaDetach``.
* ``sigmaDeltaWrite`` input parameter ``channel`` have been changed to ``pin``.

Timer
-----

Timer has been refactored to use new ESP-IDF driver and its API got simplified. For more informations about the new API check
`TIMER API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/timer.html>`_.

Removed APIs
************

* ``timerGetConfig``
* ``timerSetConfig``
* ``timerSetDivider``
* ``timerSetCountUp``
* ``timerSetAutoReload``
* ``timerGetDivider``
* ``timerGetCountUp``
* ``timerGetAutoReload``
* ``timerAlarmEnable``
* ``timerAlarmDisable``
* ``timerAlarmWrite``
* ``timerAlarmEnabled``
* ``timerAlarmRead``
* ``timerAlarmReadMicros``
* ``timerAlarmReadSeconds``
* ``timerAttachInterruptFlag``

New APIs
********

* ``timerAlarm`` used to setup Alarm for timer and enables it automaticaly (merged ``timerAlarmWrite`` and ``timerAlarmEnable`` functions).
* ``timerGetFrequency`` used to get actual frequency of the timer.
* ``timerAttachInterruptArg`` used to attach interrupt to timer using argument.

Changes in APIs
***************

> * ``timerBegin`` now have only 1 parameter wich is frequency. There is an automatic calculation of divider through different clock sources¨
>   to achieve selected frequency.
> * ``timerAttachInterrupt`` now have only 2 parameters -> parameter ``edge`` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``timerBegin`` has now only 1 parameter (frequency). There is an automatic calculation of the divider using different clock sources
  to achieve the selected frequency.
* ``timerAttachInterrupt`` has now only 2 parameters. The ``edge`` parameter has been removed.
```

UART
----

TODO:

> For more informations about the new API check `UART API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/rmt.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the new API, check `UART API <https://docs.espressif.com/projects/arduino-esp32/en/latest/api/rmt.html>`_.
```
